hi everyone Ryan arey here in case you
don't have time to watch all 18 previous
films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
here's everything you need to know
before seeing Avengers infinity war
thousands of years ago these ice aliens
invaded Norway but they were stopped by
super powerful handsome aliens from a
realm called Asgard the ancient
Norwegians were so grateful that they
started to worship thee as guardians the
king of Asgard Odin hid a really
powerful object the space Infinity stone
on earth there's six of these stones and
they all have different abilities and
are very important so get used to
hearing about them later in 1942 a
super-powered Nazi with eczema named the
Red Skull finds the stone and uses it to
make laser guns Red Skull leaves a group
called Hydra and remember them for later
- meanwhile Steve Rogers is a weakling
with a heart of gold but after a few
super steroids and a really dangerous
tanning bed he gets superpowers and
becomes Captain America Steve leaves
behind a career in show business to
fight Nazis with his friends who include
his best friend Bucky r.i.p Bucky Peggy
hashtag bring back agent Carter and
swashbuckling inventor Howard Stark
Howard uses vibranium the strongest
metal on earth to make Steve a
bulletproof Frisbee catfights the Red
Skull who makes the classic Nazi mistake
of steering too long at a celestial
object and then Steve saves the world by
crashing an airplane r.i.p steve peggy
and howard going to found a spy
organization called the strategic
homeland intervention and logistics
division or shield for short fast
forward about seventy years and howard
stark's kid tony is a fun-loving told
who got scrooge mcduck rich by making
weapons for the military but one of his
own missiles puts shrapnel in his heart
and he's kidnapped by terrorists he
escapes by making himself a super suit
powered by a small reactor in his chest
that also keeps him alive then he has
what alcoholics refer to as a moment of
clarity builds a new suit to fight evil
and calls himself
Iron Man he fights some bad guys
including his evil business partner who
was behind everything all along what and
along the way he falls in love with his
assistant Pepper Potts and meets Phil
Coulson a SHIELD agent and Nick Fury
leader of shield a few months later
Tony's being poisoned by the arc reactor
that powers the Iron Man suit and keeps
him alive but otherwise things are going
pretty well until Mickey Rourke an evil
genius who hates Tony because dad stuff
teams up with stark business rival
Justin Hammer to make their own Iron Man
suits
Tony gets a bit faced in an awesome
birthday party and fights his best
and Colonel James Rhodes Road says we
okay and getting hit and snatches a suit
for the military Scarlett Johansson
plays peppers assistant but it turns out
that she's actually a SHIELD agent
called the Black Widow which you would
only know if you had seen a trailer a
poster or any other bit of marketing for
Iron Man - with a little help from a
video of his dead dad Tony invents a new
element that saves his life he and
Rhodes defeat the bad guys by crossing
the streams and Nick Fury is dealing
with problems happening off in other
movies I have bigger problems than you
and the southwest region did you guys
remember Odin right well now he's got
two sons thor captain of the varsity
space vikings and kind of a douche and
loki a know-it-all wiseass who Odin
found on a rock
Odin wants Thor to become King so he can
finally retire but frost giants invade
and spoil his coronation bro-bro is
crazy pissed and he takes his space bros
to kill some frost giants but that's an
act of war bro so Odin takes away his
powers and sends them to New Mexico
Thor meets a group of scientists who
include Natalie Portman and the two of
them smile at each other a lot
[Music]
back in Asgard Loki finds out he's
actually a frost giant and yells at odin
till he falls asleep loki becomes King
and Thor's Bros figure out that Loki was
actually behind everything all along
what bacala on earth or sacrifices his
life to a killer robot and his powers
return he stops loki from committing
genocide and his brother falls into an
abyss elsewhere the military is
attacking a giant crane Jack Nicholson
monster called the halt the monster is
actually Bruce Banner a scientist who
can't let himself get angry or have sex
or else he'll turn into a slightly
smaller version of Brock lesner
Bruce is in love with Liv Tyler but her
dad Thunderbolt Ross remember him for
later hates banner because lifts Tyler's
father's always hate her boyfriends Ross
gives another soldier big green super
powers but that guy isn't even bigger
than the hawk so they throw down on
125th Street and wreck Harlem which no
one in the show Luke Cage ever mentions
banner goes into hiding and now maybe he
can control the Hulk
sometimes it just depends what the
screenplay needs from him and after this
he has a completely new face oh and
shield finds Captain America's frozen
body and it turns out he's still alive
and has a bad case of the all my friends
are dead
loke returns to earth with a mind
control scepter and uses it to brainwash
a shield archer named hawkeye together
they steal the space stone Nick Fury
recruits Ironman banner and Captain
America to find a stone Thor shows up
they capture Loki and like his father
before him he stands behind glass and
says creepy thanks to a female
protagonist the heroes argue they're
attacked Loki kills Coulson and sets his
master plan into action the space stone
opens a portal and aliens pour through a
hero's defeat them call themselves the
Avengers then briefly go away to star in
their own films meanwhile in space it
turns out Loki was actually working for
this guy Thanos and that Thanos was
behind everything all along what Thanos
really really wants all the Infinity
stones and he uses his two adopted
assassin daughters Gamora and nebula to
help find them the sisters hate him and
each other there's two planets that are
just wrapping up a thousand-year war the
Kree Empire and Xander a Kree radical
named Ronan the accuser hates and are
and wants a nose to destroy the planet
Thanos is like cool but first you got to
get me this org but a guy from Earth
named Peter quill snags the order before
Ronan's goons Peters into rock and roll
and he was raised by a space pirate
named yondu Gamora fights Peter for the
orb but then they both go to jail with
bounty hunters named rocket a talking
raccoon and Groot a talking tree in jail
they joined Drax who hates Ronan for
killing his family and they all escaped
to sell the orb to the collector
otherwise known as the space hoarder
space hoarder says that the orb actually
contains the power infinity stone
explodes and through a series of mishaps
Ronan ends up with a stone then this
unlikely band of misfits teams up to
stop Ronan from destroying Xander groot
dies but is reborn as baby Groot and the
sand Aryan pluck up the power stone in
their space safe where I'm sure no one
will ever ever find it
a few months later in the Guardians meet
Peters long-lost dad ego the Living
Planet the Guardians make friends with
an alien named manthis who helps ego
sleep and hides his rampant child
murdering rocket and Groot are captured
by mutant of space pirates then they
help yondu take control of his ship and
a scene that becomes a lot darker when
you change out the music
nebula tracks down Gamora they fight for
a while and afterwards they kind of like
each other I just wanted a sister it
turns out that ego is a prick of a
deadbeat dad who killed Peters mom wants
to conquer the universe and breaks his
kids toys when they don't want to help
him end existence
everyone United to fight the giant
planet yondu dies and celebrity guest
stars show up for the funeral
nebula leaves to go kill thanos and
group becomes a teenager elsewhere in
space Loki is an Asgardian jail and Thor
is finishing up a war by killing the
strongest soldier on the battlefield and
a scene that's a direct ripoff from the
movie Troy and also the Bible Jane slips
through a dimensional portal and gets
possessed by another infinity stone this
one's called the ether which controls
reality the Dark Elves these ancient
enemies of Asgard want the ether so they
can throw it into a space eclipse and in
the universe Thor takes Jane to meet
some space doctors on Asgard when the
Dark Elves invade kill Thor's mom and
then board breaks Loki out of jail and
they take Jane to a deserted planet to
destroy the ether but instead the dark
elf steal it Loki dies and Thor and Jane
walked through a convenient plot hole
back to earth there they team up with
their science friends to drop a ship on
the ninth doctor and everyone is safe
the war turns down the throne of Asgard
so we can make out with his girlfriend
the Asgardians gives the space hoarder
the ether and it turns out that Loki is
alive and pretending to be his dad good
thing his mom's dead
meanwhile back on earth Captain America
is working for shield alongside Black
Widow and things seem to be going fine
until Nick Fury is fake assassinated by
a covert operative called the Winter
Soldier meanwhile Robert Redford head of
the world Security Council once Captain
America arrested so cap and black widow
go on the run and make friends with Sam
Wilson an Air Force vet who uses robot
wings to fly they find out that Shield
has been infiltrated by Hydra and
they're going to blow the hell out of
the world was flying aircraft carriers
then it turns out that Robert Redford
was actually behind everything all along
what not only that the Cape's best
friend Bucky is alive and was
brainwashed to become the Winter Soldier
in the end cap brain town shield Nick
Fury fakes his own death and Bucky goes
on the run out on the west coast tony
has PTSD from nearly dying in outer
space he spends all his time in his
basement building new suits until a
terrorist named the Mandarin blows up
his house then Tony goes to Tennessee to
charge up his suit and reluctantly
mentor the kid from Jurassic world after
some sleuthing he finds out that the
Mandarin is actually an actor and the
guy Pierce has been behind everything
all along what Tony rody and pepper beat
up guy Pierce saved the president and
Tony quits being Iron Man bringing his
story to a satisfying conclusion damn
just kidding he's back for the next
Avengers movie when the team is taking
down a Hydra base and recapturing Loki's
scepter Hydra used the sceptre to give
super powers to Wanda and Pietro
Maximoff their powers are he's fast and
she's weird
Tony uses the scepter to give life to a
murderous artificial intelligence called
Ultron Ultron recruits the maximov's
Wanda gives the Avengers freaky visions
and Ironman stops a Hulk rampage with
super special armor then everybody has a
sleepover at Hawkeye's house while thor
takes from space peyote and has a vision
in a cave ultron breaks open Loki's
staff to reveal the mine stone another
one of the Infinity stones he uses the
stones and vibranium and artificial
tissue to create a new body for himself
which the Avenger steel Wanda and Pietro
learned the evil robot is actually an
evil robot and they join the good guys
The Avengers bring the body to life and
now it's called the vision and they all
team up to stop Ultron's evil army from
destroying the world Pietro dies Hawkeye
Tony and Thor leave the team and Hawk
goes into space and oh yeah he and Black
Widow were kind of a thing now but he
leaves so it doesn't matter so now
there's a new team of Avengers with
vision war machine Wanda and the Falcon
all joining up ah but not soon after
this Falcon gets in a fight with a new
superhero named ant-man whose superpower
is to shrink down and talk to ants his
real name is Scott leg he's an ex-con
computer hacker who just wants money to
pay his child support just along like
kids but his shrinking suit was invented
by a scientist named Hank Pym who used
to work at shield with Howard Stark and
Peggy Carter and he hires Scott to break
into his old company and steal a new
shrinking suit that the bad guy this guy
just created to sell to Hydra along with
Hanks daughter hope and a few colorful
ex-cons they plan a suit heist but the
robbery is a bust and Scott ends up
defeating the bad guy by shrinking so
small he enters the quantum realm where
the laws of time and space do not matter
meanwhile Thunderbolt Ross wants to
register all superheroes so they work
for the government Tony feels guilty
about creating a murder bond so he signs
on but Steve refuses and the issue
splits the Avengers the UN is bombed
killing the king of Wakanda
which is the world's only source of
vibranium the news reports that Bucky
did the bombing so the new king of
Wakanda T'Challa puts on a cat costume
goes after him that's because T'Challa
is also the super-powered guardian of
Wakanda the Black Panther but it turns
out that a guy named Zemo framed Bucky
and he's been behind everything all
along what cap recruits a team to go
after see moe and Tony recruits the team
to go after cap this team includes a
teenager from Queens with spider powers
who's named spider-man they have a big
smashy-smashy fight where rody is
paralyzed then cap and Bucky get away
while Natasha switches sides to help
them escape half the heroes go to
underwater jail while Tony flies to
Siberia to help cap and Bucky stop Zima
it turns out all Zemo really wanted was
to break up the Avengers by showing Iron
Man a video of Bucky killing his parents
that's a pretty plastic move so everyone
fights the Avengers breakup Steve breaks
his friends out of jail and Bucky like
Dave Chappelle goes to Africa to clear
his head now he's no longer brainwashed
and the wakandans call him the white
wolf which is the nickname that this guy
gave himself
well Conda by the way is a hidden
Kingdom filled with super science they
use vibranium to do whatever the plot
needs them to do like make weapons
bullet trains or heal people sharee the
princess of Wakanda is smarter than Tony
Stark and can invent pretty much
anything that the screenplay needs -
Charla becomes king of Wakanda and
everything is fine until his pissed off
American cousin kill monger shows up
kicks his ass and takes the throne kill
monger wants to go to war with the rest
of the world but T'Challa shows up to
reclaim his kingdom there's a brief
wakandan civil war which T'Challa wins
with the help of Shuri
his badass bodyguards the dorm of logic
a spy named Nakia a tribe that worships
white gorillas and Bilbo in the end -
Chawla decides to open Wakanda up to the
world and share their technology
Tony meanwhile is trying to groom young
Peter Parker who's actually spider-man
to join the Avengers he gives them a
suit that monitors his daily superhero
routine Peter's not very good at being a
superhero and he flat-out sucks at
keeping a secret identity he and his
friend Ned are tracking down a flying
guy called the vulture who's stealing
tech that's leftover from the alien
invasion in the Avengers Peter destroys
one of the Staten Island ferries and
Tony takes the suit back but the timing
sucks because it turns out that the
father of his homecoming date is the
vulture and that he's been behind
everything what Peter leaves the dance
early to stop vulture from robbing stark
tower afterwards he decides not to rush
being a superhero in
found a chance to join the Avengers
elsewhere in New York there's a really
famous surgeon named dr. strange that's
his real name
like proto Tony Stark he's good at his
job a kind of a dick
after a horribly detailed car accident
his hands are destroyed in his career is
ruined he travels to Nepal for a little
Eastern healing and instead meets a
powder look-alike named the ancient one
who does magic
she teaches him to summon energy from
other dimensions and perform magic
tricks
liusia Michael he learns how to teleport
make energy weapons and turn into a
force ghost he also gets a cape that
helps him fly the bad guy Mads Mikkelsen
wants to let an evil monster named
Dormammu destroy the earth strange his
buddy Baron Mordo and a librarian named
Wang stop Mads Mikkelsen with the eye of
agamotto which contains the time
infinity stone strange uses the stone to
Groundhog Day himself and Torchic mom
who gets so bored that he gives up which
is a pretty lame way for a villain to go
out at the end
strange is protecting earth from
extra-dimensional threats by living
rent-free in a huge house in Greenwich
Village soon he helps Thor and Loki find
their dad in Norway they recover Odin
just in time to watch him Luke Skywalker
himself into the force then their
long-lost sister helis shows up breaks
Thor's hammer and quickly conquers
Asgard and kills a few supporting
characters Thor and Loki end up on a
junk planet where Jeff Goldblum makes
gladiators fight The Hulk is on the
planet and he's actually a gladiator now
a shocking surprise which you would only
know if you saw the trailer toys video
game poster or bought popcorn at the
theater Thor meets Valkyrie an alcoholic
Asgardian warrior who split town after
hella killed her friends all these kooky
cats fly back to Asgard and Jeff
Goldblum's orgy bus hella rips out
Thor's eye Loki eyeballs the space stone
and Hulk fights a giant wolf Thor
realizes that his hammer was like
Dumbo's feather and he actually had
lightning powers inside of him all along
what Thor kills hella by manipulating a
fire demon to destroy an Asgard
afterwards a few thousand Asgardian
refugees hop on a spaceship and head for
earth but they're stopped by an even
bigger spaceship which probably belongs
to Thanos
all right guys that's a recap of every
Marvel movie so far I hope it prepares
you to watch Avengers infinity war if
you're finding us for the first time
please hit that subscribe button and
don't forget to check out all of our
other great Marvel content or screen
crush I'm Ryan Arry
[Music]